[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vitale on this episode
of Laura in the kitchen I'm gonna show
you how make tabbouleh salad it is so
delicious really refreshing really
healthy perfect to just keep on hand for
everyday lunches to just you know jazz
up some boring old chicken it's really
really really easy to make let me take
your word ingredient so we can get
started you're going to need some bulgur
wheat water cherry tomatoes a lemon
cucumber scallions fresh parsley a
little bit of fresh mint salt pepper and
extra virgin olive oil so let's just get
right into the cooking because I'm
really excited for this in this pan I'm
going to put in my water now if you
follow the instructions on how to make
bulgur wheat on the package it tells you
for every cup of bulgur wheat that
you're cooking you should use double the
amount of water which is two cups would
be in this case because we're using one
cup of bulgur wheat however I don't like
to use two cups of water I use a cup and
a half because two cups of water mix
doesn't make it really fluffy and it
gets too wet and muddy and doesn't
really taste good and it doesn't have a
good consistency so to 1 cup of bulgur
wheat I'm using one and a half cups of
water and all I'm going to do is wait
for that to come up to a boil my water
is up to a boil time to add in the
bulgur wheat a good sprinkling of salt
because you want to make sure that
you're seasoning the bulgur wheat itself
so give this a little stir turn this
down to low put a lid on and let that
simmer for about 15 minutes and in the
meantime I'm going to get going to
prepping the rest of my wall veggies the
first thing I'm going to do is chop up
the Rose not the rosemary the parsley
and the mint now the first time I've had
I had the salad was actually not too
long ago it was about a month ago I was
in California doing some work and they
had lunch catered and one of the items
was this tabbouleh salad which I had
never had before as soon as I ate it I
instantly became hooked on it it was so
good and if you follow me on facebook
what you definitely should by the way
you'll know
I have just been really obsessed with
bulgur wheat lately and I have been
making it constantly because I love it
for lunch with like just like a can of
tuna on top or even some good grilled
chicken breast it's just so good and
it's super super filling and I just
really really enjoy it
so what I'm going to do is just finely
chop these fresh herbs and it's really
critical that you use fresh herbs for
this and I've never tried it with any
other combinations besides the parsley
and mint so I'm not sure how it would
taste if you were to substitute any of
the two now when I had this it did have
a lot of mint in it which I thought was
a little overpowering so I cut it down
to only two tablespoons of mint and one
large bunch of parsley so I'm just going
to finish mincing this up that looks
fantastic putting that right into my
large bowl along with the cherry
tomatoes that I have I don't like a lot
of cherry tomatoes because I feel like
they can become a little watery and I
don't like that so I'm gonna take my
scallions and just mince these or chop
them just nice and small I want
everything to be like little tiny pieces
gallons go right in next is the cucumber
none of these this cucumber that I'm
using is called a seedless cucumber but
as you can see there's seeds in there so
I want to remove those because again
they can make the salad really watery
because they are full of water so get
rid of the seeds I don't suggest doing
it this way I suggest you take a spoon
and just take them out this way much
much safer sane and smells really good
though they smell super super fresh rich
so it's a good thing and then I'm just
going to cut these into matchstick
pieces like this like little sticks and
then run my knife across them to make
little pieces last piece
now you know I normally have everything
prepped and chopped and ready but I
didn't want to do all of that today
because otherwise you wouldn't really be
able to hang out everything would be
prepped and ready and I would just have
to put everything into a bowl and that
would be done what's the fun in that
right stop in here I'm going to grate
some lemon zest I'm going to have the
I'm going to grade the entire zest of
this lemon that's great and I'm going to
also juice it cut in half I use a fork
it really gets a lot of the juice out
you wouldn't believe it
look at that I've grabbed another half
of a lemon whoops because you know me I
just I can't get enough of lemon juice
and orange juice and lemon zest and
orange zest I just really really love
citrus I got one and two seeds in there
that I don't want here you go what hands
we're going to give this a good drizzle
of really good quality extra virgin
olive oil I would say about two to three
tablespoons salt and pepper the veggies
and like I said I mean you know it's
just my husband and I but I don't let it
stop me from making a huge bowl of it
because keep it in the fridge for a
couple days and you've got a delicious
lunch ready or a snack or you know along
some grilled fish for dinner whatever
you want toss all of this together and
I'm just going to set this aside and
wait until my bulgur wheat has cooked
and then we are going to finish the
entire thing up together
my bulgur wheat cooked for about 15
minutes it's so delicious and perfectly
cooked and not watery at all because we
only used a cup and a half water rather
than using the recommended two cups
because it would make it really watery
so you always want to use a fork to
fluff it up just like you would with
rice you just want to make sure you
don't scratch your pan as you do this
get it all out into your bowl and then
using two forks I just mix all of this
together and the hot bulgur wheat
immediately wakes up the mint and
parsley and the lemon it just smells
fantastic give us a good good mix now
looks great I'm going to just give this
a taste now I'm going to be honest about
something this is going to taste
delicious however give it an hour in the
fridge it's going to taste ten times
better something happens where all those
flavors kind of soak in to the bulgur
and it just becomes something that it's
like ten minutes just an hour in the
freezer and in the freezer an hour in
the fridge makes a huge difference it
took what ten to fifteen minutes to put
it together but it's fantastic
oops that is outstanding it really
really is the mint is just perfect
not overpowering at all but really
really delicious and I think it's a
crucial ingredient when making the salad
that's it but simple is quick it's easy
it's healthy and you need to go to wwhen
you calm to get the recipe make it for
your family
let become a lunch table in your house
just look it has a lunch staple not
stable in your house just like it's
become in our house I hope you enjoy
spending time with me and I'll see you
next time bye-bye
you